We have a projection to make in Kentucky. CNN
can now project that Ed Galrine will win the
Republican primary against Thomas Massie for the
fourth congressional district in Kentucky. Harry,
the this call came a lot earlier uh than pretty
much anybody had thought it might come and it
certainly came a lot earlier than it has in
prior years when there have been primaries in
Kentucky. You however were not surprised. I wasn't
surprised. I wasn't surprised at all because the
bottom line is this. Donald Trump is the general
of the Republican party and the Republican primary
v voters are his soldiers. And if you look at
Thomas Massie, you can see it very clearly.
You look in 2020, 2022, 2024, he was getting 75%
upwards of 81% of the primary vote in 2020. And
today, he gets less than 50% of the vote. That's
the story. That is incredible because you look
at it so consistent time after time after time.
And then, wow, look at tonight. Uh Scott Jenise,
you're know Kentucky. you well surprised at all?
No, not surprised. I actually live in the fourth
congressional district. So, I've been on the
receiving end of all this mail and TV ads and text
messages and the money really did pour in. It was
the most expensive US House primary in American
history. And money came in from all corners
of the Republican party and the conservative
movement to defeat Thomas Massie. They followed
the president's lead on this. You know what's
what's the old song? You don't tug on Superman's
cape. You don't spit into the wind. You don't pull
the mask off the old Lone Ranger. You don't mess
around with Trump in a Republican primary. And
that's what Thomas Massie has done by becoming
his chief antagonist in the US House. And this
became really a referendum on is Thomas Massie
on the team or not? And Trump said he wasn't. The
voters followed. Alyssa, I mean, you said he was
kind of MAGA before MAGA. Yeah. When I worked for
the Freedom Caucus, he was actually too right to
be part of the Freedom Caucus. He kind of marches
to the beat of his own drum. He's more libertarian
than anything. And this is someone who voted with
Trump about 89% of the time. Doesn't vote for
continuing resolutions. Often votes against
government funding bills and foreign aid. Uh but
the real issue here we have to say is Jeffrey
Epstein. It's the Epstein files. Thomas Massie
was one of the leading voices with Roana about
accountability around Epstein, sticking it to the
Justice Department. And that's why this happened.
I mean, House leadership has supported him in the
past despite him being a bit of a pain at times.
This was really over Epstein accountability.
But to Scott's point, the base of the party
is still with Trump, even with Epstein looming
large. I I somewhat disagree. The key vote that
House leadership turned on him over was the big
beautiful bill. I mean, the working leadership,
but the president Well, but that's the president's
domestic policy agenda. And you cannot become an
apostate on two issues in a Republican primary.
Taxes and immigration. Massie voted against
Trump's immigration security. He voted against
Trump's tax cuts. So when you become a chief antag
when you're voting with the squad against Donald
Trump's domestic policy agenda, it's not epic.
That's because he was against raising the national
debt which used to be a Republican talking point.
So that's exactly why he says he voted against the
big beautiful bill and Republicans seemingly don't
talk about the national debt as much as they used
to. So I think we need to be fair in what he said
he was voting for. Exactly. But I mean that that
is why he voted against the big beautiful bill
and against the Iran war. Um but as Alyssa said
90% of the time he was voting with the president
percentage is much lower now. I think this
Congress it's been more like 70. I mean look when
you're voting with the Democrats that often look
politics is a team sport. He's just not been on
the president's team. Anderson you focused on this
race here. It's the biggest race of the evening
because it pits the president of the United States
against a prominent Republican congressman who the
president simply has decided he doesn't want
to tolerate anymore. And the president of the
United States has won yet again. Uh at one of
the weakest moments, if not the weakest moment
of his presidency nationally, the president's
poll numbers are tanking. Democrats are very
confident about November, but the president is
proving here in Kentucky fourth congressional
district yet again tonight that he still has a
pretty iron grip on the Republican party primary
electorate. Anyway, Ed Galrine, former Navy Seal.
He is the president's favorite challenger endorsed
in this race. He's winning by about nine points,
eight points if you round that up, I guess, at the
moment, over an incumbent Republican Congressman
Tomman Massie, who's one comfortable in his
district for quite some time. Uh, Anderson, most
of the people live here, the Cincinnati suburbs,
3ount here, and the northeast Louisville suburbs
here. And you see that's Edgeline's red all across
there. You see Massiey's winning two only two
counties in the district. They're out here. They
include his home county, Lewis County. significant
maybe a moral victory uh that Massiey's winning
here because Donald Trump did win 87% in this
county in 2024 but moral victories don't count
when this math is overwhelmingly against you again
uh 54 to 46 if you round that up this is where
the population lives and more competitive in the
suburban counties than in the rural counties but
Galrine's still winning uh you know so even here
this is this was Massiey's only hope most of the
people live up here and it's 5248 here it's 5347
7 there and it's 55 45 there if you round it. And
again, the only place where we were still waiting
for a decent amount of votes still is Oldm County,
which is just outside of Louisville to the
northeast of Louisville. It's a suburban
area. But even if even if Massie, it's just not
enough Anderson in the math. So if you look at it,
it's pretty convincing. Donald Trump has always
run very strong in rural America. He's always
run very strong in rural Kentucky. And in the
rural parts of the district, with the exception
of Massiey's home base right here, the challenger
is winning. And this is more interesting to me in
the more upscale suburban areas. It's closer. But
even there, Republican voters are listening to the
president and voting against their congressman.
Again, put the pieces together. Massie tonight
in Kentucky. Senator Cassidy over the weekend
in Louisiana. Those five Indiana state senators
just a few days, weeks ago in Indiana, five out of
seven. There's a recount in one of those races who
wouldn't vote with the president on redistricting.
Uh the one footnote I will add to this though,
even as Donald Trump shows his grip, Anderson,
on the Republican party, they are spending tens
of millions of dollars to defeat the president's
critics. Uh and a lot of Democrats are saying,
"Thank you very much. Uh you know, you won't have
that money when it comes to the fall." And again,
the president's overall numbers are miserable.
Uh Democrats still favored come November,
but the president, I'm told by people close to
him, is very much enjoying this. And they also
say that it's been hard to break through to him
sometimes about the national numbers and about his
weakness and about the trouble the Republican
party's in because he sees results like that
and thinks he's just fine. Jeeoff, obviously
not the outcome they were hoping for there.
It certainly is not Anderson and it still
feels and looks like a party atmosphere,
but it is anything but a celebration. uh wagon
wheel is playing for the second or third time
here and the anthem of this candidacy is going to
be one of defeat by uh President Trump. I mean the
only county as John was just saying that uh the
Congressman Massie is winning is Lewis County and
that is where we were with the congressman
last night at his final rally in Vanceburg,
Kentucky on the banks of the Ohio River and
the congressman said that uh the Trump side
is panicked. That's why they're spending so much
money against him. Well, actually that has proven
to be incorrect. they were spending so much money
against him to defeat him and that is exactly what
has happened in a fairly uh dramatic fashion.
I mean the overwhelming uh deluge of ads here
and mailers and other things is sort of difficult
to describe and people were turned off by it but
as we know negative advertising works and uh
Massie of course spent a lot of money as well
more than $10 million but it was absolutely
uh the latest stop in Trump's retribution
uh tour. President Trump has loyal supporters
and this was a closed Republican primary. That
means only registered Republican voters, if they
registered last year, last December, could vote in
this primary today. So, there's no doubt the base
of this party is with uh the president and his uh
victor here tonight. His name is Ed Galrine. He's
been barely mentioned. He's a farmer and a former
neighbor Navy uh SEAL. He appeared yesterday with
the defense secretary at one of his uh first big
public events of the entire campaign. But again,
this was about the president and the congressman.